Rename github documents (#2101)
cyberark/conjur: design/authenticators/AUTHENTICATORS.md

## Security requirements

> ### Must allow_list before using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Must allowlist before using
```

Author: Done

With the exception of the default Conjur authenticator named `authn`, all

> authenticators must be explicitly allow listed via the environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authenticators must be explicitly allowlisted via the environment variable
```

Author: Done
